we are a group of workers from
show and we decided to put
on stage the facts known so far on
matter of the negotiation was mafia
what is the negotiation is what there is
the mobsters said that process then
if I read a whole press or that
that politicians have not told us not
I knew physically I feel I say
which is possible because I do not
I knew however I shook his hand is
a pact that has always been there
we wonder why this wall
against the wall between the state and our thing
a pact that has been renewed
these bombs worked let's talk about the
ambitions of the dome then exposed and the
papello that happens gardino and this is
the counterpart of my father the mafia e
freemasonry would remain a list with
gelli
after the provocative mafia e
entrepreneurship is building a whole
city will call it milano 2
serious stuff and the usual utri e
berlusconi
one of ours cannot have a
friend as of the latter therefore is
Dell'Utri to be embarrassed and
away from Berlusconi not Berlusconi
that he is embarrassed of utri
to the annona nylon or on the contrary in progress
it takes us very seriously
let's talk about a tragedy
or no farce no longer goes into the cone
we talk about the past for the world e
swords I had to make a move e
will give birth to a new party or speak
of today
I made him a dream I dreamed of a
country where everything changes on the stand
junglist mafiosi we held hands with one
country where we could continue to
shoot with love without any but
second pinstripe photo scassa lug